 ### Writing Templates
 # Buying those technological products months later will bring better user experience.
Buying those technological products months later will bring better user experience. The fierce competition in the market forces the companies to add new functions or features in their latest products, which inevitably brings new problems as well. The company’s internal test, despite how careful it is, will never detect all of the problems or glitches, which will become the issue for the first group of the customers later. Having received the feedbacks or complaints, the company will proceed the upgrading, providing better version for the following buyers. As a consequence, numerous inconveniences can be avoided for those who are patient. XM, a die-hard Apple fan, serves as an example. After the product launch of iPhone X, he waited in line in front of the Apple flagship store in Beijing for the whole night to get the product ASAP. Unfortunately, he soon discovered that its compatibility with Wechat, the most prevalent instance message app in China, is highly volatile, causing the inconvenience for him to connect with his friends or even finish daily issues like paying for the bus service or giving a thumb up to his mother’s photo. He swore to me that he would never hurry buying electronics again.

 # Living together with our families enables us to feel the affection and support from them.
Living together with our families enables us to feel the affection and support from them. Nowadays, all the bread-winners face tremendous pressure deriving from the demanding request of our superior, the competition between colleagues and the misunderstanding from the customers. The accumulation of such negative emotion will be the culprit of serious mental disease like frustration or depression, which can only be remedied/rectified by the unconditional support from our families, which surfaces the importance of living along with them. Take my friend XM, a doctor in a general hospital, as an example. frequently conducting surgeries for more than three hours, he continually feels exhausted, carrying considerable negative emotion home. Fortunately, all of the sadness and stress fade away when his son, a 6-year-old kindergartener, sings a song for him. Watching the innocent smile on the boy’s face, he knows that the previously intolerable fatigue means nothing now. Should he live by himself, these negativities would consume him.

 # Numerous TV programs are informative.
Numerous TV programs are informative. In order to succeed in the future, students require not only the academic knowledge from the classes, but also the social information and other precious skills. These kinds of otherwise tedious information should be better absorbed by watching TV, with its vivid picture and enticing scenario, making the knowledge more impressive. Watching Man Vs Wild enables us to learn essential survival skills in the wilderness area such as identifying whether something is edible; watching documentaries like Discovery and Animal worlds enables us to get a whole picture of the nature and realize the importance of environmental protection; watching It Is You, an interview simulation program, enables us to comprehend the requirements of the employers and learn to display our competitive edge. These are the knowledge that will not be included in the standardized test but can be exceedingly imperative in the students’ future. Ergo, parents should encourage their kids to embrace these programs in order to remain competitive among peers.

 # Material reward will not be a long-lasting motivation for students.
Material reward will not be a long-lasting motivation for students. Study is, despite its plausibly boring and exhausting nature for students, saturated with the happiness of exploring the unknown and satisfying curiosity. Thus, students are able to persist in learning without any external stimulation. However, once given money for high score, they will regard it as the only purpose of learning, gradually losing the aforementioned inner impetus. Unfortunately, the duration of material reward’s effectiveness is short, eventually resulting in the loss of motivation, a drop of dedication, and eventually a worse academic performance. This can be best illustrated by an experiment conducted by Beijing Normal University, in which 126 students were randomly and averagely divided into two classes to study Spanish for 6 months and take a monthly test to estimate their study efficiency. The difference between the two classes is that students in the first class receive 100 dollars for each high grade in the monthly test while students in the second class receive only oral praise. The result shows that the average score of the first group outweighed their counterpart for the first three months, but the tables are turned completely since the next month, and the advantage of the second group increases dramatically with time passing by. This experiment obviously and convincingly proves my point.

 # Taking part in something that is different from our job enables us to pave the road for future career change.
Taking part in something that is different from our job enables us to pave the road for future career change. The accelerating development of our society, with cutting-edge technologies coming up every day, has created considerable amount of new opportunities as well as wiping out the traditional ones. Under such circumstance, doing the same thing for the entire career, once common decades ago, is no longer suitable for the contemporary residents, who therefore have to do the preparation in advance. Thus, it is important to try to find out the next destination while taking the current task, by participating in different things. Take one of my friends Jason, an extroverted man who enjoys communicating with different people, as an example. Working in an IT company with the domain of machine learning, he feels bored even frustrated recently, due to the lack of interpersonal communication in the position. Consequently, he started to write articles about the future of machine learning on his Facebook account and communicate with the followers. Last week, he told me he would like to quit his job and fully devote into the operation of his Facebook account, which already gained great popularity.

 # Knowing these kinds of things helps us to blend in social circle.
Knowing these kinds of things helps us to blend in social circle. Human beings, as social animals, are supposed to not only work hard in their study or working, but also socialize with classmates or colleagues around them, in order to make more friends. This abundance of friendship will take credit for the accumulation of precious suggestions, information and resources vital for our future path. Noticeably, the awareness of what other people are talking about is the prerequisite to participation in the conversation. That is why an awareness of the current affairs is of vital importance. In June 2017, every male student in our class was busy discussing about the NBA finals between Golden State Warriors and Cleveland Cavaliers. Topics like “whether Lebron James is better than Kevin Durant” or “whether Stephen Curry is the best shooter of all time” surrounded me, who actually had no idea with the lack of basic cognition towards basketball. Afraid of being singled out or marginalized, I spent every night watching games and learning about basic basketball rules and strategies, which ensured my existence in those conversations. Thus, I do not feel an outsider among my friends.

 # Young people should spend more time exercising and playing outside.
Young people should spend more time exercising and playing outside. The abundant variety of in-door entertainment, tailored to the need of the youngsters, like video games or TV plays, has tremendously affected the lifestyle of them, some of whom become sedentary without any exercise. This kind of habit will certainly pose threat to their health, for exercising is always the shortcut to better body shape and physical condition. The recently released data from a large scale physical, conducted by the National Bureau of Citizen’s Health and Longevity, has proved this point. The physical involved more than 3000 children aged 12 to 15 who would answer for a questionnaire after the physical. It is shown that the correlation coefficient between their weekly exercise time and the score in their physical report is 0.8. To be more specific, those who exercise less than two hours per week suffer from the possibility of obesity and diabetes three times than the average level. This research pellucidly proves that appropriate exercise can add year to our lives, and life to our years.
